[VSEE-1162] Add snyk2spdx Dockerfile (#3050)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/ivs-snyk.hbs.md

apiVersion: app-scanning.apps.tanzu.vmware.com/v1alpha1
kind: ImageVulnerabilityScan
metadata:

>   name: snyk-ivs-spdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: snyk-ivs
```

I'd just leave it as Snyk

  to SPDX format and have its missing `DOCUMENT DESCRIBES` relation inserted.
  See the Snyk [snyk2spdx repository](https://github.com/snyk-tech-services/snyk2spdx) in GitHub. Here is one way to do it:
    1. Clone the [snyk2spdx repository](https://github.com/snyk-tech-services/snyk2spdx)
    2. Add the following Dockerfile to the root of the repository:
        ```
        FROM node AS build

        RUN npm install -g typescript
        RUN npm install -g ts-node

        WORKDIR /build-dir
        ADD . .

        RUN npm install --legacy-peer-deps
        RUN npm run build && npm prune --json --omit=dev --legacy-peer-deps
        RUN npx nexe@3.3.7 dist/index.js  -r './dist/**/*.js' -t linux-x64-12.16.2 -o snyk2spdx-linux

        FROM paketobuildpacks/builder-jammy-base AS run

        COPY --from=build /build-dir/dist/ /app/dist/
        COPY --from=build /build-dir/node_modules /app/node_modules
        COPY --from=build /build-dir/snyk2spdx-linux /app/bin/snyk2spdx

        ENTRYPOINT ["/app/bin/snyk2spdx"]
        CMD ["/app/bin/snyk2spdx"]
        ```
    3. Build and push the image to a registry. Replace `SNYK2SPDX-IMAGE` with
      the new image you just built.

>     > **Note** The `snyk2spdx` output is not conformant to the [verification process](./verify-app-scanning-supply-chain.hbs.md) so VMware does not guarantee the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note** The `snyk2spdx` output is not conformant to the [verification process](./verify-app-scanning-supply-chain.hbs.md) although the results may be ingested to the Tanzu Application Platform metadata store, VMware does not guarantee the accuracy of the results.
```
